OpenAI o1-preview and o1-mini support (#17796)
zed-industries/zed: docs/src/assistant/configuration.md

          "provider": "openai",
          "name": "gpt-4o-2024-08-06",
          "max_tokens": 128000
        },
        {
          "name": "o1-mini",
          "display_name": "o1-mini",
          "max_tokens": 128000,
          "max_completion_tokens": 20000
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

> You must provide the model's Context Window in the `max_tokens` parameter, this can be found [OpenAI Model Docs](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models). OpenAI `o1` models must also be `max_completion_tokens` as well. Custom models will be listed in the model dropdown in the assistant panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must provide the model's Context Window in the `max_tokens` parameter, this can be found [OpenAI Model Docs](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models). OpenAI `o1` models should set `max_completion_tokens` as well to avoid incurring high reasoning token costs. Custom models will be listed in the model dropdown in the assistant panel.
```
